here's why i don't blog as often as i
used to did you know that i used to blog
daily literally daily i used to post at
least one blog post a day and if you
think that's crazy at one point i got so
into blogging that i used to post
roughly four times a day during my peek
but here's the thing can you guess how
many blog posts are right now maybe one
a day or three a week
nope i just blog once a week that's it
roughly four to five posts a month
depending on if there's four weeks in a
month or five weeks in a month
but here's the thing even though i only
blog once a week i spend more time
creating other forms of content
i create three long-form video content
pieces that are roughly five minutes
long each week
i create seven short form videos that
are roughly 30 seconds to minute long
each week
and i create a podcast episode each and
every single day that's around five
minutes long
now my team they also create two to
three image based content pieces each
week and i create a webinar once a month
now with some of these content pieces
i'm not actually doing them daily like
with my podcast i do them in batches so
i'll do 10 at once with my longer form
videos that are still short technically
around 5 minutes i do them in one
sitting for the whole month for the
short form videos same thing i do them
in one batch for the whole month but
nonetheless i'm still creating a lot of
content so even though i'm blogging less
these days i'm spending my time creating
other forms of content why you may be
asking because it's less competitive my
youtube channel gets roughly 640 000
views a month why
am i the best marketer in the world no i
can always learn more and improve
they're just not as many competitors as
for podcasting my podcast gets over 1
million downloads a month
and it's easy why because there are only
2 million podcasts in the world
according to earthweb that's not that
many when you consider that there are a
billion blogs that's a billion with the
b
so should you keep blogging yes and
maybe it should be more than once a week
if you don't have hundreds of pieces of
content already but you should spend
more time creating content on other
platforms over blogging such as youtube
or linkedin or even facebook
that's the secret to my content
marketing these days
look look for the popular channels
whether it's youtube which is the second
most popular search engine after google
funny enough google owns youtube or
whether it's facebook one of the most
popular social networks if not the most
popular social network because they own
whatsapp and instagram if you look at
the channels that aren't as competitive
whether it's tick tock or by this
instagram or by this linkedin and you
leverage them yes their audience may not
be as big as google but their audience
is big enough and there's very little
competition
so you can actually get your content
seen by a lot of people without
struggling or having to spend a lot of
money on advertising
and you can do really well with less
effort now if you need help with your
content marketing getting your content
seen check out my ad agency np digital
where we help companies with this or if
you just have any questions leave a
comment below i'm here to help make sure
you also subscribe like the video tell
people about it thank you for watching